docs: OKTETO_COMPOSE_VOLUME_AFFINITY_ENABLED (#574)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/docker-compose.mdx

Host volumes are added to your containers at deployment time.
In addition, `okteto up` uses host volumes to infer the [sync paths](reference/okteto-manifest.mdx#sync-string-required) between your local filesystem and your remote development container.

> By default, services mounting the same volume will be placed on the same node using Kubernetes's pod affinity. If you wish to disable this behaviour, set `OKTETO_COMPOSE_VOLUME_AFFINITY_ENABLED` to `false`.

Reviewer: @andreafalzetti could we specify where this should be added? Is this on the command, on the compose? 

Could this be added as an Okteto secret or catalog configuration?

Author: Resolved with @omnomagonz in 48629cb48d9b100f27ed008cbd5709dffb51bd3e

> By default, services mounting the same volume will be placed on the same node using Kubernetes's pod affinity. If you wish to disable this behaviour, set `OKTETO_COMPOSE_VOLUME_AFFINITY_ENABLED` to `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, services mounting the same volume will be placed on the same node using Kubernetes's pod affinity. If you wish to disable this behavior, set the environment variable `OKTETO_COMPOSE_VOLUME_AFFINITY_ENABLED` to `false` when deploying.
```

Author: @rberrelleza good point, I am biased because I have implemented it so I know where to specify it, but it wasn't actually clarified. It should be an env var of the `deploy` so either from local or via the UI. Do think think this suggestion clarify it enough?

Reviewer 2: @andreafalzetti I think this copy works if the recommendation is to set this variable in the manifest itself (which I assume is what you mean by 'local'). If there's no real recommendation then we could consider adding something like:

```suggestion
By default, services mounting the same volume will be placed on the same node using Kubernetes's pod affinity. If you wish to disable this behavior, set the environment variable `OKTETO_COMPOSE_VOLUME_AFFINITY_ENABLED` to `false` when deploying. You can also optionally configure this variable from the Okteto UI to make it available to all development environments in your Okteto instance.
```

Author: Thanks, @omnomagonz!
